Archiver scenario and SQL scripts (#739)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: utils/archiver/scenario.md

> # Running Archiver scenario

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Running the Archiver Job Scenario
```

> ## Gather DB statistics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Gather DB Statistics
```

> Run all SQL statements defined in [DB statistics which should be run before the archiver is started](db_scripts.md#db-statistics-which-should-be-run-before-the-archiver-is-started) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run all the SQL statements defined in the [DB statistics which should be run before the archiver is started](db_scripts.md#db-statistics-which-should-be-run-before-the-archiver-is-started) section.
```

> ## Run the archiver with disabled deletion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run the Archiver Job with Disabled Deletion
```

Set the following environment variables:

> 1. `APP_PERFORM_DELETION` set to `false`.
> 2. `APP_DRY_RUN`  set to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **APP_PERFORM_DELETION** set to `false`
- **APP_DRY_RUN**  set to `false`
```

> Run the archiver (`./apply.sh`).

Reviewer: These (lines 9 and 13) seem to be subsequent steps, so I suggest numbering them (while the variables can be turned into bullet points).

> ## Verify the archiver work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Verify the Archiver Job's Work
```

> Run all SQL statements defined in [Statements to verify the archiver work](db_scripts.md#statements-to-verify-the-archiver-work) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run all the SQL statements defined in the [Statements to verify the archiver work](db_scripts.md#statements-to-verify-the-archiver-work) section.
```

> ## Delete all instances_archived

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Delete All instances_archived
```

> Delete all rows from instances_archived table. It will be recreated once again. Make sure that the number of operations were not decreased (deletion was not performed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete all rows from the instances_archived table. When it is recreated, make sure that the number of operations is not decreased (deletion was not performed).
```

```sql
delete from instances_archived;
```

> ## Enable archiving and deletion of operations and instances at the and of deprovisioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable Archiving and Deletion of Operations and Instances at the End of Deprovisioning
```

Set the following configurations for KEB:
```
archiving:
    enabled: true
    dryRun: false
cleaning:
    enabled: true
    dryRun: false
```

> and wait for KEB restart with new configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wait for KEB to restart with the new configuration.
```

> and wait for KEB restart with new configuration.

Reviewer: I recommend numbering these two steps (lines 28 and 38).

> ## Run the archiver with enabled deletion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run the Archiver Job with Enabled Deletion
```

# Running the Archiver Job Scenario

## Gather DB Statistics

Run all the SQL statements defined in the [DB statistics which should be run before the archiver is started](db_scripts.md#db-statistics-which-should-be-run-before-the-archiver-is-started) section.

## Run the Archiver Job with Disabled Deletion

Set the following environment variables:
- **APP_PERFORM_DELETION** set to `false`
- **APP_DRY_RUN**  set to `false`

Run the archiver (`./apply.sh`).

## Verify the Archiver Job's Work

Run all the SQL statements defined in the [Statements to verify the archiver work](db_scripts.md#statements-to-verify-the-archiver-work) section.

## Delete All Archived Instances

> Make sure that the number of operations were is not decreased (deletion was not performed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that the number of operations is not decreased (deletion was not performed).
```
